# Results
## Summary
Code used here was adapted from [this tutorial](https://medium.com/@ngwaifoong92/beginners-guide-to-retrain-gpt-2-117m-to-generate-custom-text-content-8bb5363d8b7f). 
I retrained the 117M GPT-2 model on the full arXiv dataset I've acquired. The resulting models are too large to store in the git repo so they will not be posted, only the sample results.

Initial results for this were slightly disappointing;  I used 2 main sets of parameters, but didn't have major success in either getting the loss of the model to consistently decrease < 2.5. The articles generated were also not as domain-specific as I expected them to be, which is likely due to poor data seperation during training. See the samples below where economics, machine learning, and biology were mentioned in the same sample. If I were to do the retraining on specific categories that may correct these issues at the cost of reducing training data. Strange formatting was also present in the samples due to not completely stripping all extraneous whitespace in the training data, in addition to the de-TeXing removing contextual images and equations. Overall reasonable results given the state of the training data and hardware limitations (no GPU support, etc), but more work would need to be done to produce realistic samples.

## Unconditional samples from the models:

### Model 1 sample 1:
sell market. Price predicts direct damage. Market forecasts are not derived from simulation or observation data, because market mistakes affect valuation and price. reality and risk factors relevant for optimal prediction (rational) scenarios . Real market makes good predictions when there is only a single component between computing of
 value.
 13.2 Number estimates of . Reinforcement learning, useful for consumables as connection typical, is used in illustrative terms internally in estimators in software. Reimplementation of actuators higher in cost are for actuators that are comparable to the fundamental mediator parts in cost, whereas that which past cost was- mainly found from cost understanding decreases in NEXT genomic, cost-saving coding samples. Inferiorly designed generic adequate-quality generic intermediate detectors (if present) ends up making slightly worse performance and due to low perceived costs. On the other hand, typical generic implementation corresponding to connected-neural-mapping, many of the generic generic make poor simulations, and some similar errors have been found with recent multicore (oriented) cost estimation. Moreover, rational prediction view is required to grow the cost automatons, and make realistic valid predictions about cost. If there is an expensive RT, it is possible to handle the additional RTs in intelligent volume estimation with less time and effort.

 13.3 Monthly input cost estimators, not best estimates regard cost as their main element of optimization. The sensitivity thresholds for trustees are important. ► uneration-only prediction algorithm does not yield large gains in actuator efficiency [Note: Although price and prediction predictors are widely considered taking a continuum, this is not the main attention here. Hubert sends forward a 'parachute' proof - based on short
results of an analogous adaptation for delivery of a -dimensional neural network for the outer versus inner parts of full-fledged sorting algorithms, 13] by observing individual outflows in integrate time (CTL) of probabilistic routine input price (OVF) parameters. The occurrence of practical actuators that perform well function comparisons with highly accurate prediction emerges as a factor of memory and sense as a key enhancer in deep-learning. It underlies (ICA) performance in best instruments, and [here, applicability suffers due to performance considerations. IdT predicts summary item actuators with minimal Google acquisition, low, then black-outs,  ]optimization tweaks in line with can laureate quatrager findings (i.e., optimal ordering with greater convergence) earlier. When IE or DR face connections, error associated with negative optimization is just a new factor. innestim (i.e., better performance, benchmarking and unbiased silico estimator accuracy at 2007
borrows index idea from "source required for domain enumeration"), and optimized routing without relying on input rate information, is artifact unhelpful. It can consequently result in cheaper  simulation when Arduino money is invested. In the Bobbles-Martin international research program, the average data cost for a Sa}}songeth oop=1'A
which is 2H. It is notes that for  spicily superior 1H importantly  will be better about 0 based on  careful correlation in sages  , which respect cold empirical measurements  that and happy approximations are independent.   representagi  are an illusion. ( ) Do  NO  for a . The  distance from zables is modulo (ACFT)- one can calculate from  such . linually interpolation between Oxford and New York molecular proxyes dominates. Fischer recommended spin calculations into  and fatality Interaction theory and the independence of knowledge,  Haug (2013) synthesized with scientism. Specifically, he employed this consequence of strong independent loopses of interacting  and bifurcation in
relational orthogonal networks ().  The  minimum of underdeveloped-reasonably  subjective  measurable   avian function  algsactations all satisfy this constraint.
It may be that a reasonable compotational constraint on RL parameters is Th invodisfovork introduced by that constraint. (Note that unlike a polynomial bound, ratio of res ns  may not be discovered. It is  canonical Milast). Consequently,   recently in Arter data, there is a strong affirmation that the objective computational efficiency of  meta two-layer untruby reinforcement learning in  and robust reinforcement learning is   . Quoting Sullivan and Squyres (1983) for its   theorem's derivation Variability (http://maxshockstop.org) found that stable counter-problems   are ones that consider the probability of the output always shift job organization into operators before success on X. It is it is proof   that the current trajectory is positive, flawed point on X.
Although these N s of ...

### Model 1 sample 2)
Yoo's goal is to integrate with the existing hybrid atomizer yoclonic Tachyclonic Fuze 3 (Elleg-3)-8B(QHC)). The combustion scenario of the wonder of thin-sided Fuze 3 can be followed in a diagram. Just like the famous Field-Hacker's Cancer discharge pressure equation y0 - V(); "ultima_OG-X" is the IOH pressure step: both the particles capable of generating constant temperatures and the electrostatic and actuatory effect of mismatches  would be dispelled by the new pressure . Notice that this was a simple simple function on the function to be repeated , and in accord with the illustration in Figure For each air molecule the effect of  or ) is irreducible and no single pressure  can be removed. We introduce a simple design using a ratio and IOH value that enables the ability to rem  and  as soon as  is dissipated. An example is in Figure or above.

Notice that the  and   parameters appear later on in the form pointed (Fig. ) for the total  IOH pressure. Removin  from being dissociated would create  even though the force coefficient can only be determined by drawn atomic dioometers ; however, the enhanced IOH gap is maintained as long as  and  remain.

We also note that with the  in  and  in  different values, both are evaporable so the new communication channel and the distance between  remain a constant .

Using the best formula present in the masschopperKERO5C3 (J , ), recycling the gas molecules by moonfolds and taking the pressure column labelled R of  and masscompint  an appropriate vaporization unit, we infuse the reaction volume with  and the result is objectless .

Explaining experiments
Let us consider the actual experiments:

Figure  shows that the experiment step for quin SL. It has an external flow velocity shown in Figure , as compared to steadydown with elongated Twinc (= circular fit )  represents normal partial load reaction pressure of the atomizer in foot. The temperature achieved by extracting our gas is measured from ground zero temperature (). Before exploring how our experimental pressure works, we choose the initial analysis step at a high speed for injection velocity equation ()

I anticipate you will be satisfied with a series of 10 min discrete pressure  step  which is used as a proxy for the internal  . Some examples of  and  separately  come from the experiments described previously in appendix ; see references further down the document.
Crude pressure  step
  forcing  axis
   X
or  .
normal portion of the system for an inGaussian distortion

Conclusions
 Indeed, the coupling of  and  subspace interaction dynamics is widely appreciated while Marieenburg scenario indicates that, provided the  is an additional piston cost, we should reach the absolute limit at which the system was rotated and hence stop".
Once enough masscompinting  decomposition was adopted to control fractional hits  and  spaces, to the tune of  weaned the control to 61. Consequently, the results obtained in Figure , shown in Table , regression path

 is an important notion here (defining the  to   activity of the JGFP ), especially since the  can only be understood from the environment (where  is a  cylinder) and the X of the associated  is associated  by not only the analysis (but also the downstream impact on the  by  interaction);
The model explored in the previous section and the parameter lossing experiment illustrated in Figure would reduce the total constraint in figure explicitly. Instead of looking at one perturbation then, I aimed to examine the other's methods together.
Since our experiment requires only one piston step, we thus made it there the same way to set state, the two result is the same with varying parameter loss and movement for each X for which it is not possible to representvolume. Hence, the velocities corresponding to the  parameter and back constraints on  for the  O-Phase spin effect alone are not sufficient to account for the uncertainty in the control movement effects.


We then decided a difference between H+ and H=- and hence polyreacts to the  parameter of the unit mechanism. Hence, this behavior in Figure becomes much more efficient  versus H-phase both from fluidic impedance and gasket design. Indeed, we used this literature to achieve hypervisible  similar dynamics of H+, , since  is  at around 55-64°V


QHCs and selection
Let us now investigate how the QHC rings of a H+ model and a H+ model might be affected by Fan's dipstate dynamics.

The first problem is  Heybish (Haugh), Franzühn and Grazmann (2015).



### Model 2 sample 1)
The economist Eric Olyphant Zakluken holds highly dubious claims about whether a stock market crash could end in a bubble or the upward movement that followed its demise, a focus of economists' published studies. Bets of gold dropped by 2.25 percent in China, Russian stocks fell by almost 2.5 percent, or about 20 percent of the market. Japanese stocks were also like that. We took a focus group and looked at the effects of a de-naming motion and the actions of other stocks. In our case, a correction may be in fashion, but in this case, it just ran counter to history. In hindsight, the move had some positives, if any, and did a good job of opening a lively debate. (In 1970 Michael S. Ishmael and Heidi H. Kocher of Princeton University won a Pulitzer Prize, holding the doors open for economists who hold meta-data about the psychology and economic results of stock markets from the late 1960s until the early 1990s.) Mostly the Goldman review of the fund's 1993 news item on the Watergate break-in appeared to be pessimistic on the trading of the stock market. But I would find extremely similar empirical evidence in its typically optimistic memories about the quality of the capital unrest market. That is driven by two things: that central bank jokers won't bail out markets in 1990; and that based on the pervasiveness of the recovering top portion of the pro-stock inflation denomination, could be right for every ex-Bank of America atmosphere. The latter, of course, is just the way the insurance-industry media say it days. Mostly unanswerable, yes, but it draws with attention to clearly a postwar aura of government-donated equity and commercial juggle. Citigroup alternatives to sometimes dominant Goldman malarkey Slite draw greater attention. As such, the finance industry can be called "high velocity" cash, given that to the extent hedge fund owners tended to be outwardly upbeat about the huge volume of the new Civil War James Bond, they embraced the bubble period that preceded it. They also offered this formulation: price bubbles weren't going to die over the long run. They were going to come about more slowly, this time around, over the short run before expression. Chase reflect poorly on the early period with clearly declining international growth and yet Wall Street considered them most valuable, valued people. As I have often said, Trump Final copper becomes a relic, if not a inexpensive piece of risk-covering valuing protection. Frank and Gormley

Supply squeeze and about continuously improving debt conditions Their book study of interbank supply-ceiling issues, career-defining papers on credit, and some of the more amusing study's actual data-graphics suggest it is as flawed as any thought given to the origin and end of the U.S. government in the future. None of this should make an invidious mockery of the U.S. history of corporate central banks over the course of the Obama years. The biggest failure, according to a selection of such academic critics as AstraZeneca's Gabriel Brinkley, entailed regulators' conduct that hampered their ability to pursue long-term goals. And that's just the story of the Sept. 11 kind, whose member banks and their casinos all failed. Regulators scrambled to hold the large-volume, underwritten Commodity Futures Trading Commission to account for the complacency of the participants. Jamie Lippert for TIME People trust diehard readers. By the late 1970s, Gilia Pilgoing near New York grew suspicious of the craven shopping agents who binged from invoices obtained from broadly hidden buyers at record-setting levels. One day in mid-December 1971, a grateful banker like Tom McMott in Michigan purchased $300,000 of typewriters and a pair of seltzer hatters he owned in Ambler — copied from government records. Empathy led Cinderella to buy the same gem in a Paris eBay auction. The obituary did not mention Pilgoing or her aristocratic brother Adolf, who like his steam-roller aunt would often discount tomofu with a salad of beyko. When napkin maker Ann Duffy agreed to fill her army of male book buyers with book jackets, the next morning on Floor 121 in Record 521, Mr. Crnicker opened lives for 50 men and women by Dun Segan, usually steered by the brand director. He bought everything from horses, weapons, and art supplies. There was no time a penny could be collected, so Crnicker and his troops teamed up at Converse. The souvenirs handed out offered up great thoughtfulness to Mr. Crnicker's luscious theory of seeing, what is meant, and where where very near to the Peorpender real estate of Stone Mountain. The book topped any one of Mr. Crnicker's quota lists. He had been paid well not only in the classical sense of the word (Zaklichenko in the Zass